Your Majesty, what His Highness said is false.
There are factors that separate this water
This kind of skill and great ability can clean up any mistakes.
turn deadly
A fake knife shop is so angry that it's really bad
Come on, let's pull that fake knife out and chase it away.
The tiger is disturbing your life. The emperor is disturbing your life.
All of this, all of this is from the Three Emperors Mansion, it was just me who did it
Are you talking nonsense? Am I you?
Third Prince, it was obviously you who did it like me
If you want to hit someone, you can't say anything back.
Die a worthy death and move up
Just come to Liu Zhi
Yes, this is where the fire comes from, hey, third brother
Just now at the Dafa conference
This falsehood is
It’s about me and Jiang Ni
You could say this is the way
Naturally, it’s best to go with everyone.
Then why just
Be strict when you see me
Is it early?
Look at you today
How come I was used as Jiang Ni’s number?
Are you able to figure it out?
Or you had already
Is it okay to live in this false way?
If you don't deserve it, I won't say anything
Enough of this
It doesn't matter if you are dozens of times more powerful than immortals.
Do you really think it doesn't exist? It suits me